The only limericks I recall committing, though there really ought to have been a few more earlier in life, I'd think:


There was a young lady from Mitre
Who certainly might've been brighter,
But the customers liked her
And frequently spiked her
During lunch, coffee break, or one-nighter.

[inspired by an old friend's saying 'I knew a young lady from Mitre' when I ran into him at an Xmas party in Cambridge during the time I was working at Mitre, Washington and told him that's why he hadn't seen me lately.  The delightful aspect of it all was that when I got back to McLean and 'shared' it with a few selected friends, each of them thought I had somebody else in mind -- other than the one I did have in mind, that is.  December, 1974, or perhaps 1975]


A fisherman's hut on the Vineyard
Started out as a sort of a fin yard,
But was bought by a fellow
And made a bordello,
So now, of course, it's a sin yard.

[inspired by a fellow condo-trustee's saying that he always went to "the Vineyard", never to Nantucket, which was only good for dirty limericks, unlike the Vineyard, the sole drawback of which was that it couldn't be used in a limerick, when I told him I'd forgotten which of the islands was the one he vacationed on.  ca. September, 1980]


I courted a lass in Latrobe
Who always refused to disrobe,
So right-off I kissed her,
I never have missed her,
And now I'm sailing the globe.

[inspired by the slightly smarmy cruise director on the _QE2_'s having uttered the first line when one of the door-prize winners at the singles' party said she was from Latrobe.  First written on a cocktail napkin and handed to him when I finally had my ticket drawn.  He read it badly, but being asked about it afterwards by some of the other attendees led to my switching tables in the dining room to that of the shipboard platoon of the International Brigade of Drunks, Roisterers, and Otherwise Good People, which much improved the rest of the trip.  August, 1989]


A curvacious Confucian coquette
Always giggled she just didn't know yet,
But when coaxed from her limbo,
She lay there, legs akimbo,
Sighing, "Who knew I could ever be so wet".

[inspired by a curvacious Confucian coquette -- Singaporean Chinese, actually -- whom I couldn't, in fact, coax from her limbo, but who professed a fondness for limericks, and had even written one for her book about, of all things, the _QE2_, which, as I recall, she conceded wasn't as good as my own _QE2_ one.  I fear, however, that this one, despite being firmly in the classic naughty limerick mold and in my view quite a good instance of the breed, did not meet w/ her approbation, since I never heard from her after her return to Singapore (and have no reason to believe the government there is/was holding her incommunicado).  ca. October, 1993]


There was a distillery called Limerick
That sadly wound up in a dim nick;
Then along came young Jamie:
To revive the old name 'e
Finds whiskeys that're good to the rim-lick.

[inspired by e-hearing from Jamie Walker, whose Adelphi Distillery is named after a defunct distillery once owned by his great-greatgrandfather and is my favorite independent bottler (of malt whisky/single malt Scotch, of course), that he'd started Limerick Distillery for Irish whiskeys in hono[u]r of another ancestral holding.  That got me to thinking whether Limerick was even less tractable than Vineyard....  (Adelphi, however, probably _is_ intractable, even if I were willing to take even greater liberties with the scansion than I've done here.)  September 28, 2000]

If I speak in all truth for myself I
Think the casks that are found by Adelphi
Seem to verge on the mystic
Making me optimistic
They'll hit not a bull but an elf eye.

[inspired by the implicit challenge set by the immediately preceding one; it turned out the old Unconscious emitted it a week or so later, without any coaxing.  ca. October 8, 2000.]


[And then there's this undated one I found on a slip of paper in the livingroom while looking for something else in October of '00, which I do recall committing at some point in the '90s but haven't any real idea of the year, even, much less the month or day:]

A weird young man from Pawtucket
Took to soaking his head in a bucket.
Said he with a grin
As he wiped off his chin:
"Actually, I'd much rather be the one from Nantucket."
